Narrator:
PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
YUGI, WATCH OUT!
ACTIVATE
DARK EVOLUTION!
NOW I ACTIVATE
MY DUEL ARMOR!
Yami-Yugi:
NOW, TO FINISH YOU OFF
WITH CHAOS SCEPTER BLAST!
AH!
Grandpa:
WELL DONE!
I GUESS IT'S ON
TO LEVEL 5, HUH?
1 MORE LEFT.
AWESOME.
Yugi: WELL,
WHAT ARE WE WAITING FOR?
LET'S FINISH THIS
THING AND GO HOME!
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
IT'S TIME
TO DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
I THINK
WE ENDED UP
IN THE EXACT SAME
PLACE WE STARTED.
ME, TOO.
MAYBE WE TOOK
THE WRONG DOOR.
NAH, THE WAY I SEE IT
WE'VE COME FULL CIRCLE.
RIGHT, CAUSE IF
THIS IS THE SPOT
WE ENTERED FROM,
IT MAKES SENSE
THAT THE EXIT
IS HERE, TOO.
Man:
A WISE DEDUCTION.
BUT THERE IS STILL
A LONG WAY TO GO
BEFORE YOU MAY
RETURN HOME.
YOUR FIFTH AND
FINAL CHALLENGE
WILL PROVE TO BE THE
MOST DIFFICULT THUS FAR.
YEAH?
SAYS WHO?
IT'S ABOUT TIME YOU
IDENTIFIED YOURSELF!
YOU'RE RIGHT.
MY FRIENDS...
MY NAME IS KING
ALEXANDROS THE THIRD
OF MACEDONIA.
ALEXANDER THE GREAT?
NO WAY!
SO, I TAKE IT YOU
HAVE HEARD OF ME.
WHAT DO THEY SAY
ABOUT MY LIFE
WHERE YOU LIVE?
OH, ONLY THAT
YOU ALMOST
SINGLE-HANDEDLY
CONQUERED THE WORLD.
I SEE.
WELL, THE EVENTS OF
WHICH YOU SPEAK
OCCURRED MANY
LIFETIMES AGO.
SO WHAT EXACTLY
ARE YOU DOING HERE?
HUH?
YOU'RE WEARING
THE SAME
DUEL ARMOR
THAT I AM!
CORRECT.
Alexander: IT BEGAN
OVER 2 MILLENNIA AGO,
AS THE WORLD'S MOST
POWERFUL EMPIRES
FELL AT MY FEET.
GREECE,
PERSIA, EGYPT.
I WAS UNSTOPPABLE.
AND IT WAS ALL THANKS
TO A GOOD LUCK CHARM
I STUMBLED UPON.
WHAT SORT OF
A CHARM?
ACTUALLY,
IT WAS NOT UNLIKE
THE ONE THAT
YOU WEAR.
BUT THIS GIFT CAME
WITH A PRICE.
ALTHOUGH IT BROUGHT ME
COUNTLESS VICTORIES,
THE CHARM
AROUND MY NECK
SEEMED TO CLOUD MY MIND.
AND BEFORE LONG
I LOST THE RESPECT
AND LOYALTY OF MY MEN.
I MUST FINISH THIS.
EVEN IF IT MEANS
DOMINATING
THE REST OF THE WORLD
ON MY OWN.
SO, IT IS
ULTIMATE POWER
THAT YOU SEEK,
IS IT?
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK
YOU ARE WORTHY?
WHO ARE YOU
TO QUESTION
MY WORTH, STRANGER?
I AM THE GUARDIAN
OF THE SACRED
ITEM YOU WEAR!
AND IF YOU TRULY
ARE DESERVING
OF THE POWER WITHIN,
THEN YOU MUST
PROVE IT BY FACING
THE TRIALS OF
THE CAPSULE MONSTERS!
ONLY A TRUE KING
CAN PASS THESE TESTS!
Alexander:
AND SO I ENTERED
THE STRANGER'S PYRAMID,
JUST AS YOU DID.
I TAKE IT
YOU DIDN'T SUCCEED?
MY LUST FOR POWER
WAS MY DOWNFALL.
I'M SURE
YOU'RE ALL AWARE
OF WHAT HAPPENED
AFTER I FAILED.
AH, NO IDEA.
IF THE HISTORY BOOKS
ARE RIGHT,
YOUR INVASION
OF INDIA WAS A BUST,
AND YOUR WHOLE
EMPIRE FELL.
Tea: ALL BUT A FEW OF
YOUR MEN DESERTED YOU,
AND, WELL...
SOME HISTORIANS
THINK THE FAILURE
IT'S TRUE.
I FAILED THE
STRANGER'S TEST,
AND LOST EVERYTHING.
BUT IT WAS
MY OWN FAULT.
AND NOW
IT'S YOUR TURN.
Alexander: THIS IS
THE FINAL TRIAL.
"SLAY THEM ALL
IF YOU DARE.
EARTH, FIRE, SKY,
WATER AND AIR."
SLAY THEM ALL?
SOUNDS LIKE
A PLAN TA ME!
BUT WE DON'T EVEN
KNOW WHERE TO START.
WELL, THEN,
IT'S LUCKY FOR YOU
I SHOWED UP
WHEN I DID.
HERE.
THANKS.
WHICH MONSTER'S
INSIDE?
ONE THAT YOU'LL NEED IF
YOU EXPECT TO PASS THIS TEST.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO.
Joey: YOU SURE
WE CAN TRUST THIS GUY?
IT'S THE BEST
OPTION WE'VE
GOT.
Joey: SO, ABOUT THIS
FINAL CHALLENGE...
GOT ANY HINTS, TIPS,
WORDS OF WISDOM?
Tristan:
YEAH, LIKE,
WHAT'S UP
WITH THE GHOST TOWN?
Alexander: WE HAVE ENTERED
A SETTLEMENT KNOWN AS
VILLAGE OF
THE DIVINE DRAGON.
I'M AFRAID THE REST
YOU MUST DISCOVER
ON YOUR OWN.
Tristan: WELL, I CAN
TELL YOU 1 THING, GUYS.
WE'RE NOT ALONE.
Townspeople:
[HUMMING]
Joey:
WHO'S THAT KID?
Tea: WELL,
WHOEVER SHE IS,
SHE MUST BE
PRETTY IMPORTANT.
FOR SOMEONE
WHO'S SO IMPORTANT,
SHE DOESN'T SEEM
TO BE TOO THRILLED.
ARE YOU PREPARED
TO OFFER UP
YOUR SOUL SO
THE DIVINE ONE
MAY CONTINUE TO
OFFER PROTECTION
TO OUR PEOPLE?
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
POOR KID.
I HAVE
A STRONG FEELING
OUR CHALLENGE HAS
SOMETHING TO DO
WITH SAVING
THIS GIRL.
Joey:
I'M WITH YOU, YUGE.
LET'S CRASH
THIS PARTY.
Mayor:
STATE YOUR BUSINESS.
WE ARE IN THE MIDST
OF A SACRED CEREMONY.
Joey: AND WE'RE HERE
TO PUT A STOP TO IT
BEFORE SOMEONE
GETS HURT.
YES,
BUT I'M FINE.
YA CALL THAT FINE?
DAT ROCK COULDA
BEEN YOU!
DON'T YOU GET IT?
WHO ARE YOU?
WE'RE ON
A MISSION
TO DESTROY
SOME MONSTERS
OR SOMETHING.
IT'S YOU!
THE LEGENDARY WARRIORS
OF THE PROPHESY!
Woman: THE LEGENDARY
WARRIORS?
THEY EXIST?
Man:
IMPOSSIBLE!
ARE YOU SAYING YOU
WERE EXPECTING US?
LET ME EXPLAIN.
Mayor: LONG AGO,
THIS REGION WAS DOMINATED
BY 5 VICIOUS DRAGONS.
HOWEVER,
THEY WERE BANISHED BY
THE DIVINE WHITE DRAGON,
WHO PROMISED
TO PROTECT US
UNTIL THE LEGENDARY
WARRIORS ARRIVE.
Joey: SOUNDS LIKE
A HAPPY ENDING.
WRONG.
Mayor: THE WHITE DRAGON
HAS A LIMITED ENERGY SOURCE.
SO IN ORDER FOR IT
TO CONTINUE TO PROTECT
THIS VILLAGE
FROM THE FIENDISH 5,
IT HAS ALWAYS
BEEN OUR DUTY
TO FEED THE WHITE DRAGON
WITH THE POWER THAT IT NEEDS.
THAT'S WHY WE HOLD
THIS ANNUAL RITUAL--
FOR THE WHITE DRAGON
FEEDS ON HUMAN SOULS!
SO YOU PICKED
A DEFENSELESS
KID?
ACTUALLY,
I VOLUNTEERED.
IT'S MY DUTY AS
A CITIZEN OF THIS TOWN.
IT DOESN'T NEED
TO BE THIS WAY,
MY FRIENDS.
IF YOU'RE ABLE
TO LOCATE AND DEFEAT
THE FIENDISH 5,
THIS GIRL'S SOUL
WILL BE SPARED.
TELL US WHERE
TO FIND THESE BEASTS,
AND WE'LL MAKE SURE
THEY NEVER
THREATEN YOU AGAIN.
YES, BUT--
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU'RE
DEALING WITH!
I'M WARNING YOU,
NO HUMAN HAS EVER
ENTERED THE DOMAIN
OF THE FIENDISH 5,
AND RETURNED
TO TELL THE TALE!
UNTIL NOW.
IF YOU INSIST.
THE DRAGONS DWELL
IN 5 NEARBY LOCATIONS.
Mayor:
THE WHIRLWIND FOREST...
THE BOTTOMLESS SPRING...
THE CAVERN
OF NO RETURN...
METEOR MOUNTAIN...
AND THE MOST DANGEROUS
AREA OF ALL:
THE GREAT MOLTEN CHASM.
YOU HAVE UNTIL SUNUP
TO CONQUER THEM ALL.
BUT SHOULD YOU FAIL,
A SACRIFICE MUST BE MADE.
IF THEY'RE SO BRAVE,
LET THEM OFFER ONE
OF THEIR OWN SOULS!
FINE,
IF WE DON'T
WIN THIS FIGHT,
YOU CAN TAKE...
HIM!
OH, REAL NICE!
NO SOUL WILL NEED
TO BE SACRIFICED.
YOU HAVE MY WORD.
WELL, LUCKY YOU.
LET'S HOPE SO.
JUST PUT YOUR
FAITH IN US,
AND I PROMISE WE
WON'T LET YOU DOWN.
THANK YOU,
SIR.
IF THIS WORKS,
WE'RE FOREVER
IN YOUR DEBT.
GOOD LUCK,
MY FRIENDS.
Girl: ARE YOU REALLY
THE BRAVE WARRIORS
OF THE PROPHESY?
PERHAPS.
ALL I KNOW
FOR SURE IS THAT
THIS TASK
IS OUR FINAL TEST.
WHAT TEST?
IT'S A LONG STORY.
Tristan: WHOA!
CHECK IT OUT!
Girl: MY PEOPLE
CALL THIS OBJECT
THE SWORD OF DIVINITY,
AND IF THE LEGEND
IS TRUE,
IT MAY BE
THE ONLY THING CAPABLE
OF SLAYING
THE FIENDISH 5.
IS THERE A CATCH?
YES.
ONLY THE LEGENDARY
CHOSEN WARRIORS
HAVE THE POWER
TO REMOVE IT
FROM THE STONE.
SOUNDS GOOD.
1 MAGIC SWORD
COMIN' UP!
[GRUNTING]
IT'S STUCK.
LEMME SEE DAT.
[GRUNTING]
GUESS WE'RE NOT
THE CHOSEN ONES.
WELL, MAYBE
ONLY 1 OF YOU
IS MEANT TO CONTROL
THAT SWORD.
YUGI, WHY DON'T
YOU GIVE IT A GO?
[GRUNTING]
NO DICE?
THE LEGEND STATES,
"WHEN A GREAT POWER
DESCENDS FROM THE SKIES,
THE SACRED SWORD
WILL RISE."
IF I HEAR
1 MORE RIDDLE,
MY HEAD'S GONNA
EXPLODE.
BUT IT MIGHT BE
THE ONLY WAY
TO REMOVE THAT
SWORD.
WELL, IT MIGHT,
BUT I THINK
A LITTLE MORE OF
MY BRUTE STRENGTH
WOULD WORK
JUST AS WELL.
BUT IF BRUTE STRENGTH
IS THE ANSWER,
WHY DON'T WE JUST SUMMON
A CAPSULE MONSTER?
WE CAN'T.
IT IS IMPERATIVE
THAT WE FIND
THE FIENDISH 5
BEFORE THEY FIND US.
I'M AFRAID IF
THEY REACH THIS TOWN,
THEIR POWER WILL GROW!
HMM.
THERE'S NO
TIME TO LOSE!
AW, MAN.
I KNEW SPLITTING UP
WAS A BAD IDEA.
ANY DRAGONS
OUT THERE?
WHY DO THEY
CALL THIS PLACE
METEOR MOUNTAIN?
WELL, THAT ANSWERS
THAT QUESTION!
AH--AH!
SEEMS PEACEFUL
ENOUGH TO ME.
HELLO!
HMM, WELL, WHAT DO
WE HAVE HERE?
LOOKS LIKE I HAVE
COMPANY, AFTER ALL.
[GRUNTING]
A CAPSULE!
Yami-Yugi:
I GUESS I COULD ALWAYS
USE SOME EXTRA HELP.
WELL,
WHAT DO YOU KNOW.
BLACK LUSTER
SOLDIER!
ALL RIGHT,
MY FRIEND.
YOU AND I HAVE
A DRAGON TO SLAY.
WELL, HERE GOES.
LOAD CAPSULE!
FIRE!
RED-EYES BLACK DRAGON,
YOU'RE ON!
[SCREECHES]
YOU WANNA DANCE,
TOUGH GUY?
THEN DANCE WITH THIS!
[ROARS]
THUNDER DRAGON,
GO!
[GROWLS]
NOW, CURSE OF DRAGON--
COME FORTH!
[SCREECHES]
WELL, AS THOSE
KIDS WOULD SAY,
TIME TO KICK
IT OLD SCHOOL!
[ROARS]
ALL RIGHT.
READY?
All:
BRING IT ON!
NOW,
COUNTER ATTACK!
CHAOS BLADE, STRIKE!
[GROWLS]
WELL DONE!
LET'S POP THIS
WINDBAG!
RED-EYES, ATTACK!
[GROWLS]
[GROWLING]
TAKE DAT, PUNK!
NOW, TIME TO
FINISH YOU OFF!
YEAH!
WAY TO GO, ME!
Tristan:
LOOK OUT!
I SEE METEORS!
NOW I SEE STARS.
THUNDER DRAGON!
LIGHTNING FORCE!
[MOANS]
IT'S SHOCKING,
ISN'T IT?
ALL RIGHT,
STRIKE HIM DOWN
WITH DRAGON FLAME!
[SCREECHES]
NOT BAD
FOR AN OLD MAN.
THAT WAS EASY.
[DRAGON GROWLS]
IT'S BACK?
BUT I ALREADY
DEFEATED IT!
[GROWLS]
ERR!
OH, NO!
WE CAN'T LET IT
GET AWAY!
LOAD CAPSULE!
GO, MAGICIAN
OF BLACK CHAOS!
ACTIVATE DUEL ARMOR!
UH!
Yami-Yugi:
I'VE GOT YOU!
HEY!
WHERE DO YOU
THINK YOU'RE GOING?
CHAOS SCEPTER
BLAST ATTACK!
FAREWELL.
AAH!
NOT ANOTHER DRAGON!
[ROARS]
BLACK LUSTER
SOLDIER, RETREAT!
Joey:
HEY, YUGI!
JOEY!
TRISTAN!
ARE YOU
ALL RIGHT?
WE'D BE BETTER IF THESE
DRAGONS WOULD STAY DOWN!
[SCREECHING]
GRANDPA.
Tea: YUGI!
THEY'RE
INDESTRUCTIBLE!
WE NEED A PLAN--
AND FAST!
AAH!
UH!
WHAT THAT GIRL
SAID MUST BE TRUE.
THE ONLY WAY
TO DEFEAT THEM
IS TO RELEASE
THE SACRED SWORD.
MY PEOPLE
CALL THIS OBJECT
THE SWORD OF DIVINITY.
THE LEGEND STATES,
"WHEN A GREAT POWER
DESCENDS FROM THE SKIES,
THE SACRED
SWORD WILL RISE."
YES, OF COURSE!
I KNOW WHAT
I NEED TO DO.
WE MUST LEAD THEM
BACK TO THE VILLAGE!
ARE YOU CRAZY?
WE CAN'T!
THEY'LL CRUSH IT!
TRUST ME!
I HOPE HE KNOWS
WHAT HE'S DOING!
THEY'VE
COME BACK!
EVERYONE TAKE COVER!
YOU'RE ABOUT TO
RECEIVE A VISIT
FROM SOME
UNWANTED GUESTS!
NO!
[ROARING]
[SCREAMING]
AAH!
WELL, THERE GOES
THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
YOU FOOLS!
NOW THEY'LL DESTROY US!
Alexander: BUT WHY
HAVE YOU DONE THIS?
BRINGING THEM
HERE HAS MADE THEM
MORE POWERFUL
THAN EVER!
EXACTLY.
THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT.
COME FORTH--
BLACK LUSTER
SOLDIER!
ACTIVATE DUEL ARMOR!
SWORD OF DIVINITY,
LEND ME
YOUR STRENGTH!
BUT HE ALREADY
TRIED THIS!
IT WORKED!
HOW DID YOU
DO THAT, YUGE?
"WHEN A GREAT POWER
DESCENDS FROM THE SKIES,
THE SACRED SWORD
WILL RISE."
IN OTHER WORDS,
THE DRAGONS NEED
TO BE HERE FOR
THE SWORD TO WORK!
AND NOW,
SWORD OF DIVINITY--
CHANNEL THE POWER
OF THESE DRAGONS!
NO WAY.
HOW DOES HE ALWAYS
FIGURE THESE THINGS OUT?
[GRUNTS]
TIME TO TAKE YOU DOWN
WITH YOUR OWN POWER!
[YELLS]
NICE WORK.
GLAD I COULD
HELP.
THANK GOODNESS!
THOSE DRAGONS
WILL NEVER
THREATEN OUR
VILLAGE AGAIN!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YES.
THANK YOU, SIR!
YOU SPARED MY SOUL
AND I'M FOREVER
IN YOUR DEBT!
YOU TRULY ARE
THE CHOSEN ONE!
YEAH, WELL,
I'M THE CHOSEN ONE'S
BEST FRIEND.
HEY, WE JUST PASSED
THE FINAL TEST, GUYS!
NOW WE CAN
ALL GO HOME.
Tea: NOT QUITE.
THE FIFTH STONE.
IT DIDN'T LIGHT UP.
Joey:
I DON'T GET IT.
[GROWLS]
WHAT'S THE DEAL?
I THOUGHT
THAT SWORD
WAS SUPPOSED TO
WIPE 'EM OUT!
[GASPS]
[SCREECHES]
OH!
THEY'VE MERGED TOGETHER!
PERHAPS THESE CREATURES
REALLY ARE IMMORTAL!